README.md, before:

# README Generator


## Description




## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#Questions)

## Installation

To use the Team Profile generator, you'll need access to a whole slew of files--the lib folder has all files related to the Object classes built to accomodate data for employees of all types, and at the root you'll find . Additionally, you'll need Node.js to download npm, and the packages "inquirer" for logging user responses, and "fs" for writing to a file. Using your command line, you can do all these steps and be on your way in no time!

## Usage 

When you run "node index.js" (or just, "node index" for those busy bees out there with no time to spare), you'll be prompted with a series of questions, all of which you, the user, are required to answer. By answering the questions, you're creating an array of employees that will be used to dynamically fill in an HTML file (a manager, and as many engineers and interns as you'd like to add).

        
## Contributing 
If you'd like to contribute to this project, that's wonderful. You can fork it to your heart's content!


## Tests 
If you'd like to test this, you'll need to clone the repo and follow the [installation](#installation) directions.

Or you can follow along in [this video I made!]()


## Questions
Check out my [GitHub profile](https://github.com/lillielovatt)

If you have more questions, email me! <lillielovatt@gmail.com>

Commit message:

Fixed issue with promise chain, no longer needs a global array, can now use separate functions outside index.js and imported in, will create now and fix README

README.md, after:

# README Generator


## Description




## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#Questions)

## Installation

To use the Team Profile generator, you'll need access to a whole slew of files--the lib folder has all files related to the Object classes built to accomodate data for employees of all types, and at the root you'll find index.js, which you run from the command line, and generateHTML.js which translates the user's data into an HTML file. Additionally, you'll need Node.js to download npm, and the packages "inquirer" for logging user responses, and "fs" for writing to a file. Using your command line, you can do all these steps and be on your way in no time!

## Usage 

When you run "node index.js" (or just, "node index" for those busy bees out there with no time to spare), you'll be prompted with a series of questions, all of which you, the user, are required to answer. By answering the questions, you're creating an array of employees that will be used to dynamically fill in an HTML file (a manager, and as many engineers and interns as you'd like to add).

        
## Contributing 
If you'd like to contribute to this project, that's wonderful. You can fork it to your heart's content!


## Tests 
If you'd like to test this, you'll need to clone the repo and follow the [installation](#installation) directions.

Or you can follow along in [this video I made!]()


## Questions
Check out my [GitHub profile](https://github.com/lillielovatt)

If you have more questions, email me! <lillielovatt@gmail.com>
